we are so happy enough
hours makes nothing fly
fear
[Music]
that hot summer day a dixie came
want to take a nice bath and so
decided to go to the sea rixi but it is the
sea given to the sea of ​​salt water
ah what a beautiful journey
walks due balls
flutters lixey flutters through the
sunny pine forest and finally arrived at
slow dixie sea
[Music]
once upon a time there was dixie sea
with his mom when he was a
small baby elephant and if it is
he remembered well
first there was a piece like di
desert that was called beach and that
it was made of grains that end
in his eyes he remembered how it was then
now his mother took away the sand
with eyes full of tears while
he recited a nursery rhyme he had
compound there for hot the beach is
finished in the woods wave sea that
I recognize for two escaped grains
in the eyes with the tears of laughter I know
after the crying of yes he had rice laughed
rice
[Laughs]
[Music]
second thing he remembered at sea
always a delicious breeze blew
perfumed 20 c which must be breathed in full
lungs because it enlarges the heart and al
sunset that sea breeze is good
to raise kites and
elephants that have to take flight
you want another poem on the wind ater
the types of dixie marine income small
there is no sweetness on the breeze
his skin spread over my expense
little ones waiting anxiously for the ball
speak up south along the white in the
heaven of him
[Music]
ce ce face the good side of it
fly flies good time dixie good flies
I can do it
fly fly fly
[Music]
and then to the sea there is the sea that plays
salt water
and bathing in the sea
and to have a bath you need to
fall into it
[Music]
algae fish shells foam the a
recent splash the good sea supports you
[Laughs]
the sea helps us and like the mother
It reflects the stars and fireworks
[Music]
[Applause]